what's one big mistake you see beginners
make when it comes to seo
i think it comes back to understanding
your audience really well that's one of
the core things that i see beginners do
wrong a lot of times
they have a lot of theoretical knowledge
and then go out to apply this right away
my biggest tip to beginners first does
that actually make sense
then apply all the seo juice to it what
i recommend every beginner is get a
project
get something out there where you can
start collecting practical knowledge
there's this whole interesting journey
that you go on as an seo
you start with a very idealized view and
seo
and then you're being confronted with
reality hopefully understand that the
middle ground is probably best
it's usually a mix of what google
officially recommends you to do
of what your practical knowledge tells
you and of what other experts out there
say
it's a mix of anecdotal experience and
facts because individually you kind of
go through that journey you should
really
think hard about the right questions to
ask and you should get as much practical
knowledge as possible